[AAP] kubernetes docs for nginx (#31626)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/setup/nginx/linux.md

   the [GitHub releases page][2] and select the artifact named according to the
   pattern "ngx_http_datadog_module-appsec-&lt;amd64/arm64&gt;-&lt;nginx
   version&gt;.so.tgz". Note that this artifact includes "appsec" in the name.

3. **Enable App and API Protection in the nginx configuration**.
   You need to:
   * define one or more thread pools with the [`thread_pool`][4] directive,
   * explicitly enable AppSec with [`datadog_appsec_enabled`][5], and
   * map requests to a thread pool or pools that you defined with the directive
     [`datadog_waf_thread_pool_name`][6].

   For example:

   ```nginx
   load_module /path/to/ngx_http_datadog_module.so;
   thread_pool waf_thread_pool threads=4 max_queue=128;
   http {
     datadog_appsec_enabled on;
     datadog_waf_thread_pool_name waf_thread_pool;
   }
   ```

   For more information, see the [reference documentation][3].

{{% appsec-getstarted-2-plusrisk %}}

{{< img src="/security/application_security/appsec-getstarted-threat-and-vuln_2.mp4" alt="Video showing Signals explorer and details, and Vulnerabilities explorer and details." video="true" >}}

## Using App and API Protection without APM tracing

> If you want to use Application & API Protection without APM tracing functionality, you can deploy with tracing disabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use App and API Protection without APM tracing functionality, you can deploy with tracing disabled:
```
